welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season 6 episode
11. and remember you can watch all these
new episodes of fear the walking dead on
amc plus plus check out their other
awesome shows and dive into their
immersive expansive epic worlds this
episode we finally learn more about this
and is the beginning group apparently
they're living in some underground
bunker and it seems like they've got a
nice happy thing going
except over the pa system it's some guy
talking some deep philosophical stuff
like the end is the beginning all death
leads to new life open your eyes to see
the truth
here's a little tip for you if your
workplace doesn't play music but instead
your boss's philosophical ramblings you
in a cult
apparently they've just rescued some new
people and coming on down the elevator
it's our crew
they're sort of undercover on a scouting
mission to find out who the heck these
end is the beginning people are they do
interviews with this main guy but
apparently they're led by their big cult
leader teddy as their final interview
question this guy takes them to the
zombie they've got tied to a post who's
like growing all these plants
he's like tell me what you see based on
their whole mantra i assume you're
supposed to say something like oh i see
new life springing from death but for
now our group's just like yo i see a
zombie tied to a post and they're like
ah don't worry everyone says that at
first but teddy will open your eyes
this guy doesn't answer any of their
questions by the way but he does say
they're planning something big and
pretty soon they're gonna shut the doors
for good
as viewers we know they have a nuclear
submarine so looks like they're planning
to start a nuclear apocalypse now
remember wes who met alicia in season
five and together they painted all the
trees while he's looking at the
paintings they got here and he's like
huh this art style looks just like my
dead brother derek's and guess who's
coming home right now
it is his brother derek yes he's alive
it's like yeah man when we got separated
because of the zombies eventually this
group found me and took me in west is
like so bro what is this place what are
you guys planning but derek's like ah
bro you'll see once teddy helps open
your eyes
and so it's obvious to our group that
even though everyone here is super nice
they must be secretly evil they go
snooping around and first off finds a
bunch of the documents from the crm yeah
the civic republic military al knows
about them because of her helicopter
girlfriend
a beard lady but then they find a bunch
of maps and stuff of all of virginia's
settlements wes is like nah my brother
wouldn't blow up tank town he's a good
person but then there's very specific
notes of like how to blow up tank town
and then was finds his brother painting
tank town it's like oh yeah i blew it up
it's like yo
i was there i got hit by the shrapnel
you almost killed me he's like oh sorry
about that man but it's all part of our
master plan like killing those people is
us saving the world these two have a
long emotional conversation it's more
lines than wes has had in the entire
series so far the gist of it is bro
you've been brainwashed by an end of the
world cult but his brother's like nah
man i'm not brainwashed i've just had my
eyes opened to the truth which is
exactly what people who have been
brainwashed by colts say
in the end he convinces his brother to
escape with them but he was playing not
me gets them captured now that they know
our crew is part of morgan's group it's
like hey where's his new secret
settlement tell us or we'll kill you
plus we'll embalm you so you don't
decompose and become part of the new
earth derricks like yo west let me open
your eyes and show you the truth so they
go up back to the zombie on the post but
now what's his answer i see someone
who's still walking around even though
they're dead and he's not talking about
the zombie he was talking about his
brother
yes his brother's too far gone he can't
save him he goes for the gun all the
brothers are struggling and he ends up
pushing his brother into the zombie who
bites his neck out
and oh his brother dies so wes comes
back down takes this guy hostage and our
group escapes out the back door but this
door is a zombie storage
area all these zombies have been
embalmed they have their mouths sewn
shut
i legitimately have no idea how this
ties into their master plan excited to
find out al finds the crm soldier they
must have taken the plants from she's
afraid it might be her girlfriend i have
no idea what she looked like at this
point but apparently it's not her anyway
these zombies are all full of flammable
and bombing fluids so they're gonna
light this whole place on fire it's
alicia who's like you guys go
i'll stay behind to like the match even
though it kinda seems like she could
have just thrown the match from the
doorway that they were all walking out
of but for television reasons that
wasn't an option and so as everyone else
escapes alicia stays behind
and oh lights the place on fire so back
at morgan's hidden valley ranch they
fill in morgan on what's going on
apparently alicia was not right behind
him they don't know if she's alive or
dead so they're gonna go back out and
find her dwight to now talk about her
crm girlfriend and it's like hey i'm
gonna go find her warn them that the end
is the beginning people are planning
something
assuming they don't shoot me on site
maybe we can team up alicia did survive
the fire though she's a prisoner again
they leave just this one guy to kill her
and embalm her but alicia can take one
guy
all stabbed in the eye they have a big
old fight but alicia's a badass she wins
but now who's this coming in it is their
big cult leader
teddy he is a cool charismatic type of
guy who's got this whole like wise guru
thing going and with a beard like that i
mean i believe him alicia's like yo bro
you can just stop talking i'm never
gonna join your dumb cult but he's like
oh i bet you will
i've been looking for someone like you
alicia and that's where the episode
comes to an end
now you already know amc plus is the
place for all things the walking dead
but you also get access to a ton of
other great shows
maybe you're into the punk fantasy world
of the watch where an unlikely group of
misfits have to find the guts to save
the world
a comedy adventure with wizards
werewolves and dragons i mean come on i
gotta check it out if horror is your
thing you're just in time for shutters
halfway to halloween month with a packed
lineup of new horror shows and movies
catch new episodes of creep show season
2 still the most fun you'll ever have
being scared looking for an
action-packed crime drama you gotta
watch gangs of london
enter the violent streets of fictional
modern london as sean wallace hunts down
his father's killer and rises to the top
of the criminal underworld discover the
romance thriller a discovery of witches
where witches vampires and demons live
among us
a dangerous mystery and a forbidden
romance this kind of thing's my guilty
pleasure so click the link in the
description to sign up for your seven
day free trial of amc plus now get all
the walking dead content you love
plus explore the rest of their epic
worlds if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member